Add XGboost doc for training (#2919)
kubeflow/website: content/en/docs/components/training/xgboost.md

+++

> title = "XGBoost Training"
> description = "Instructions for using XGBoost"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title = "XGBoost Training (XGBoostJob)"
description = "Using XGBoostJob to train a model with XGBoost"
```

weight = 30
                    
+++

{{% stable-status %}}

> This page describes XGBoostJob for training a machine learning model with XGBoost.

Reviewer: Should we also add here:
```suggestion
This page describes `XGBoostJob` for training a machine learning model with XGBoost.
`XGBoostJob` is a Kubernetes [custom resource](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/api-extension/custom-resources/) to run XGBoost training jobs on Kubernetes. The Kubeflow implementation of `XGBoostJob` is in [`training-operator`](https://github.com/kubeflow/tf-operator).
```

## Installing Training Operator

If you haven't already done so please follow the [Getting Started Guide](/docs/started/getting-started/) to deploy Kubeflow.

## Verify that XGBoost support is included in your Kubeflow deployment

Check that the XGboost custom resource is installed

```
kubectl get crd
```

The output should include `xgboostjobs.kubeflow.org`

```
NAME                                           AGE
...
xgboostjobs.kubeflow.org                       4d
...
```

## Creating a XGBoost Job

You can create XGBoost Job by defining a XGboostJob config file. See the manifests for the [IRIS example](https://github.com/kubeflow/tf-operator/blob/master/examples/xgboost/xgboostjob.yaml). You may change the config file based on your requirements. eg: add `CleanPodPolicy` in Spec to `None` to retain pods after job termination.

```
cat xgboostjob.yaml

> ```

Reviewer: I think we can remove this

Deploy the XGBoostJob resource to start training:

```

> kubectl create -f xgboostjob.yaml

Reviewer: @johnugeorge What do you think about using GitHub link here as I mentioned in this PR: https://github.com/kubeflow/website/pull/2920#issue-728146538
Then, users don't need to copy the example.
